The verbal threats from the North Korean leadership - and its recent nuclear and missile tests - have prompted a fundamental rethink in its southern neighbour.
The long-standing hopes that Pyongyang might eventually be induced to give up its nuclear weapons programme have proved illusory.
South Korea is accordingly reassessing its security needs and it is clear that an expanded missile defence system is going to be a key part of its response to the North's more aggressive behaviour.
Even before the latest threats from Kim Jong-un, the US and South Koreans had begun urgent consultations to explore the feasibility of deploying a system known as Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (Thaad) to the Korean Peninsula at the earliest possible date.
Will carrots or sticks change North Korea?
Missile defences in the region
It is not yet clear if the missiles would be sold to the South Koreans. It is possible an interim arrangement might see some US batteries deployed to give an initial capability.
South Korea's Major General Jang Kyung-soo (R) and US Forces Korea Major General Robert Hedelund shake hands at the Defense Ministry in SeoulImage copyright.
The US has said it will help South Korea deploy an advanced missile defence system as soon as possible
South Korea already operates a variant of the US Patriot anti-missile system and further Patriot batteries are deployed in South Korea by US forces based there. But these are intended to hit incoming missiles at relatively low altitudes.
Thaad is a much more capable and longer-range system. It destroys incoming missiles at a much higher altitude, beyond the Earth's atmosphere.
This makes it especially useful in countering missiles that might carry a nuclear warhead. (It should be noted in passing that there is no evidence yet to suggest that North Korea has sufficiently miniaturised a nuclear weapon to enable it to be mounted on a ballistic missile).
The Thaad interceptor is produced by the US company Lockheed Martin. It is an extremely fast missile with a maximum speed of 2,800 metres per second (10,080km/h). It is capable of making interceptions at an altitude of 150km i.e. beyond the atmosphere.
The Thaad system is made up of six truck-mounted launchers carrying some 50 interceptor missiles, and a fire control and communications unit, all linked to a powerful X-band radar system - manufactured by Raytheon - capable of detecting targets at very long range.
What is the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense System (Thaad)?
Shoots down short- and medium-range ballistic missiles in the terminal phase of their flight
Uses hit-to-kill technology - where kinetic energy destroys the incoming warhead
Has a range of 200km and can reach an altitude of 150km
US has previously deployed it in Guam and Hawaii as a measure against potential attacks from North Korea
Thaad missile defence system graphic
1. The enemy launches a missile
2. The Thaad radar system detects the launch, which is relayed to command and control
3. Thaad command and control instructs the launch of an interceptor missile
4. The interceptor missile is fired at the enemy projectile
5. The enemy projectile is destroyed in the terminal phase of flight
The launcher trucks can hold up to eight interceptor missiles.
Thaad system launcher
Any significant enhancement of South Korea's missile defences is going to be controversial. Inevitably it will inflame tensions with the North. But the plans have already fallen foul of the main regional security actor - China.
Beijing is concerned by the spread of sophisticated anti-missile defences, worrying - in the same way as Moscow - that as these systems become more commonplace they will inevitably affect the capabilities of its own nuclear deterrent.
It also has concerns about the X-band radar system, which has sufficient range to penetrate into China itself.
Chinese President Xi Jinping (L) and Chinese Premier Li KeqiangImage copyrightEPA
Image caption
How will Beijing react to South Korea enhancing its missile defences?
The debate is a little like that between Russia and Nato regarding missile defences in Europe.
Nato says these are to defend against a very specific threat - that from a potential Iranian long-range missile. Similarly Thaad is, as its name implies, an area defence system - in other words if it were based in South Korea it would only be capable of shooting down Chinese missiles if they were targeting South Korea.
Cold War echoes?
But this does not cut much ice in either Moscow or Beijing. The Chinese in particular may see the deployment of US Thaad missiles to South Korea as the start of a regional defence system intended to contain China.
There are echoes of the Cold War here where anti-missile systems were largely banned by international treaty in an effort to avoid their potentially destabilising effects. That agreement - the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty - was abandoned by the Americans who saw it as a constraint on the sorts of limited defence systems required to counter the proliferation of missile technology.
But the upshot of the spread of missile defences, like any other battle between offence and defence, is that China may ultimately look to upgrade its nuclear capabilities to counter any potential defensive systems.
That could have an impact for India too, who may be concerned about its deterrent capabilities. The ripples from North Korea's threats against the South could spread very widely.

North Korea missiles: US warships deployed to Korean peninsula

The US military has ordered a navy strike group to move towards the Korean peninsula, amid growing concerns about North Korea's missile programme.
The Carl Vinson Strike Group comprises an aircraft carrier and other warships.
US Pacific Command described the deployment - now heading towards the western Pacific - as a prudent measure to maintain readiness in the region.
President Trump has said the US is prepared to act alone to deal with the nuclear threat from North Korea.
"The number one threat in the region continues to be North Korea, due to its reckless, irresponsible and destabilising programme of missile tests and pursuit of a nuclear weapons capability," US Pacific Command spokesman Dave Benham said.
What is being deployed?
The Carl Vinson being escorted by other warshipsImage copyrightAFP
Image caption
The Carl Vinson (centre) is being escorted by other warships
The strike group comprises the Nimitz-class aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson, two guided-missile destroyers and a guided-missile cruiser.
As well as massive striking power, the carrier group - headed by Admiral Nora Tyson - has the capability to intercept ballistic missiles.
It was originally due to make port calls in Australia but instead has been diverted from Singapore to the west Pacific - where it recently conducted exercises with the South Korean Navy.
In detail: North Korea's missile programme
How advanced is North Korea's nuclear programme?
What is the context?
North Korea's missiles
North Korea has carried out several nuclear tests and experts predict more could be in the offing as it moves closer towards developing a nuclear warhead that could reach the US.
There have been indications from North Korea that it may test an intercontinental missile, even though it is banned from any tests under UN resolutions (restrictions it has consistently ignored).
North Korean missile range
On Wednesday, it test-fired a medium-range ballistic missile from its eastern port of Sinpo into the Sea of Japan. That test came a month after four ballistic missiles were fired towards the Sea of Japan, moves that provoked a furious reaction by Japan.
On its part, North Korea says it is provoked by military exercises between the US and South Korea, which it sees as preparation for an invasion.
Syria
North Korea has also been closely watching how US President Donald Trump has been responding in Syria.
Early on Friday, the US military launched air strikes against the Syrian government, in retaliation for a reported chemical attack.
North Korea called it an "intolerable act of aggression against a sovereign state", and said the strike showed it was justified in bolstering its own defences.
Is South Korea equipped to defend itself?
What can the outside world do about N Korea?
What are the moves behind the scenes?
North Korean media image of missile launch (April 2017)Image copyrightEPA
The most recent test - condemned by Japan and South Korea - came on the eve of a visit by China's President Xi Jinping to the US to meet President Trump.
The two leaders discussed how to rein in North Korea's nuclear and missile programmes as the US steps up the pressure on China, a historic ally of Pyongyang, to help reduce tension.
China has, however, been reluctant to isolate its neighbour and ally, fearing its collapse could spawn a refugee crisis and bring the US military to its doorstep.
China has long been North Korea's closest diplomatic ally and trading partner, but the relationship has become increasingly strained over Pyongyang's refusal to halt nuclear and missile testing.
Mr Trump said in a recent interview that Washington was ready to act without Beijing's co-operation: "If China is not going to solve North Korea, we will."
The US Treasury recently slapped sanctions on 11 North Korean business representatives and one company, while US politicians overwhelmingly backed a bill relisting the North as a state sponsor of terror.
North Korea responded by warning that it will retaliate if the international community steps up sanctions, saying the US was forcing the situation "to the brink of war".

North Korea: What can the outside world do?

"Rogue nation". The "greatest immediate threat". North Korea has been called many things, few of them complimentary.
The government has been accused of brutally oppressing citizens while ruthlessly pursuing the development of nuclear weapons.
In recent months it held its fifth nuclear test, launched several missiles and - most believe - assassinated its leader's half-brother using a chemical weapon.
But why is North Korea such a problem - and why can no solution be found?
A potted history
The US and the Soviets divided Korea into two at the end of World War Two. Reunification talks failed and by 1948 there were two separate governments. The 1950-53 Korean War entrenched the split.
North Korea's first leader was Kim Il-sung, a communist who presided over a one-party state, and the grandfather of current leader Kim Jong-un.
It remains one of the world's poorest nations. Its economy is centrally controlled, its citizens have no access to external media and, apart from a privileged few, no freedom to leave.
Most worryingly, it has conducted five nuclear and multiple missile tests that demonstrate progress towards its ultimate goal of building a nuclear missile.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un supervised a missile test in image from state media on 7 March 2017Image copyrightREUTERS
Image caption
Is Kim Jong-un (centre) waiting until he can negotiate from a position of greater strength?
Map
So what about negotiations?
There have been several rounds. The most recent, involving China, South Korea, Japan, Russia and the US, initially looked promising.
Pyongyang agreed to give up its nuclear work in return for aid and political concessions. It went as far as blowing up the cooling tower at its plutonium production facility at Yongbyon. But then things faltered. The US said North Korea was failing to disclose the full extent of its nuclear work. Pyongyang denied this, but then conducted a nuclear test. So, since 2009, there have been no meaningful discussions.
John Nilsson-Wright, senior fellow for north-east Asia at think-tank Chatham House, says that North Korea, judging from its recent provocations, is not interested in negotiating at the moment.
"This is because Kim is determined to push forward on military modernisation, so rationally it is in his interests to delay."
But economic pressure would work, right?
The UN and several nations already have sanctions in place against North Korea, targeting its weapons programme and financial ability to function abroad. The most recent measures took aim at Pyongyang's coal exports.
Meanwhile food aid to North Korea - which relies on donations to feed its people - has fallen in recent years as tensions have risen.
But, says Dr Nilsson-Wright, these measures do not seem to be slowing down North Korea's ability to move forward on the military front.
He says sanctions that targeted the intermediaries that keep North Korea moving - like Chinese banks - would make a real impact. Targeting the oil that Pyongyang imports from China would also have an immediate effect.
But the problem is China, which does not want to take actions that would destabilise the government and unleash chaos in its northern neighbour.
Instead, he says, China is trying to play the role of honest broker, lobbying the US to talk to Pyongyang. But - though Donald Trump said on the campaign trail that he would be willing to talk to Kim Jong-un over a hamburger - the US, Japan and South Korea have made it very clear that the North must show a real willingness to compromise before talks become an option.
This file picture taken on 14 December 2012 from China's north-eastern city of Dandong, looking across the border, shows a North Korean military officer (R) and a North Korea man (L) standing behind a pile of coal along the banks of the Yalu River in the northeast of the North Korean border town of SiniujuImage copyrightAFP
Image caption
North Korean coal exports have been targeted - but the government shows no signs of collapse
Is there a military option?
Not a good one. It is generally thought that military action against North Korea would lead to very high military and civilian casualties.
Finding and eliminating North Korea's nuclear stockpile would be hard - experts suspect assets are buried deep underground. Moreover the North is heavily armed, with an arsenal of missiles putting Seoul (and beyond) in range, chemical and biological weapons, and about one million troops.
"The risk is that it provokes a counterattack that is massively costly to South Korea," says Dr Nilsson-Wright.
What about assassination?
In recent months South Korea has talked overtly about a "decapitation" strategy - a targeted attack to remove Kim Jong-un and his leadership.
This could be a tactic to deter North Korea from further provocations or to force it back to the negotiating table, says Dr Nilsson-Wright. The strong view in Seoul, he says, is that the only way to get the North back to the negotiating table is to make the government feel so insecure that it feels it has no choice.
There are also big questions around who might fill the vacuum if a "decapitation" went ahead. The elite have a vested interest in the survival of the Kim government and there is no political opposition.
Military guard posts of South Korea (bottom) and North Korea (top) stand opposite each other as seen from in the border city of Paju on 21 August 2015Image copyrightAFP
Image caption
Both Koreas have firepower and troops ready for any conflict
How about a gradual opening?
For a while some thought that the way to bring North Korea into the international community was to help it open up gradually, through small economic reforms, using the model of China's transformation after the death of Mao Zedong
There were signs Kim Jong-il - the leader's late father - may have been interested in this approach, as he made several trips to Chinese industrial zones. The key supporter of this, however, was thought to be Chang Song-thaek, the leader's uncle. But Kim Jong-un had him executed in December 2013, calling him a traitor who planned to overthrow the state.
Kim Jong-un has not yet visited China - in fact, he has not been anywhere. And while he has talked of economic growth, the military programme appears to be his priority.
Could a credible opposition emerge?
This is very unlikely. One-party rule is absolute in North Korea. Citizens are encouraged to worship the Kim dynasty, which is portrayed as the only institution keeping them safe from external aggression.
There are no independent media. All TV, radio and newspapers are state-controlled and North Korea has created its own internet so citizens have no electronic access to the outside world.
There is a limited flow of information across the Chinese border, including DVDs which are smuggled in. But in general North Korea exercises very tight control over its citizens. The government has informants everywhere looking for signs of dissent and penalties are severe. Offenders (and sometimes their whole families) can be sent to labour camps where many die.
North Korean newscaster Ri Chun-hee, pictured on 7 February 2016Image copyrightAFP
Image caption
The state controls what North Koreans can and cannot watch, hear and read
So what's the best option?
There needs to be a mixture of pressure and dialogue, says Dr Nilsson-Wright. Pressure, he suggests, could involve some combination of enhanced sanctions, the relisting of North Korea as a State Sponsor of Terrorism (it was removed from the list in 2008), and close work with China to inflict real pain. Possible incentives could include formal diplomatic recognition by the US or a peace treaty (the two Koreas remain technically at war).
Key to this approach would be coordination between the US, China, South Korea and Japan. But there is a new administration in the US and political paralysis in South Korea. Ties between Japan, South Korea and China remain fractious over historical issues. Beijing is also fiercely opposed to the deployment by the US of a Thaad missile defence system in South Korea. So there are divisions to exploit.
"That is why North Korea is pushing it now - it knows it has a window on which to capitalise," Dr Nilsson-Wright argues.

Kim Jong-nam death: Unravelling the mystery

It's got all the markings of a John Le Carre novel: the killing of the North Korean leader's brother with one of the deadliest chemical weapons created by man. But who by? And why? Many questions remain unanswered.
Here's a look back at how the killing unfolded, the details that emerged, and the subsequent accusations and diplomatic row.
13 February - The airport attack
He was waiting at a budget departure hall inside Kuala Lumpur international airport when the attack happened. Leaked CCTV footage would later show the 45-year-old man loitering in the budget terminal, a rucksack slung over his shoulder, ahead of his return flight to the Chinese territory of Macau at 10:00.
Suddenly a woman in a long-sleeve white top approaches him from behind. Her hands grab his face, before she walks away. It's not clear if she uses a cloth or her bare hands to touch his face.
The attack is over in a matter of seconds.
CCTV image shows woman in long-sleeved white top apparently grabbing someone, at Kuala Lumpur airportImage copyrightFUJI TV
Image caption
CCTV footage appears to show a woman accosting Mr Kim in the airport
The man reportedly told airport staff that "someone had grabbed him from behind and splashed a liquid on his face".
He sought medical help at the airport, but later died en route to hospital.
A day later, he was confirmed to be Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
Who was Kim Jong-nam?
14 February - The media catches up
Reports on the attack first start to emerge in South Korean media, who name the man as Kim Jong-nam - it's not until two days later that Malaysia confirms his identity.
To complicate matters, he was travelling on a passport under the name Kim Chol. It was not the first time Mr Kim had travelled under an assumed identity: he was caught trying to enter Japan using a false passport in 2001. He told officials he had been planning to visit Tokyo Disneyland.
Many believe it was this incident that led to his father's decision to pass him over for leadership, forcing him to live a life in exile. During a time of estrangement from his family, Mr Kim became one of the regime's highest-profile critics.
Theories abound that North Korea might have been involved in his murder - what some are already calling an assassination - despite a lack of proof.
South Korea was one of the first to point the finger at its northern neighbour.
North Korea's history of foreign assassinations
15 February - First arrest
Malaysian authorities begin the autopsy, ignoring demands from North Korea to send the body back for investigation.
Meanwhile, the first person suspected of involvement in the attack is arrested: a 28-year-old Vietnamese woman named Doan Thi Huong. Police say she was identified from CCTV footage taken at the airport, where she was seen wearing a white top emblazoned with the letters "LOL".
Grainy image shows a woman with brown hair wearing a T-shirt with the letters Image copyrightREX/SHUTTERSTOCK
Image caption
This CCTV image has been broadcast by South Korean and Malaysian media
16 February - Confirmation and further arrests
Four days after the airport attack, Malaysia's deputy prime minister officially confirms the dead man is Kim Jong-nam.
Another female suspect, Siti Aisyah, a 25-year-old Indonesian, is named and arrested. Her Malaysian boyfriend, Muhammad Farid Jalaluddin, is briefly questioned by police.
Main players in mysterious killing
17 February - 'It was a prank'
Events take a bizarre turn when Siti Aisyah tells police she thought she was taking part in a bizarre TV prank with Mr Kim.
Indonesia's most senior policeman, Tito Karnavian, said Ms Aisyah and Doan Thi Huong had performed the prank on other men - persuading them to close their eyes before spraying them with water.
Picture of Siti AisyahImage copyrightEPA
Image caption
Siti Aisyah was the second suspect to be named
"She was not aware that it was an assassination attempt by alleged foreign agents," Mr Karnavian told reporters.
Tensions between Malaysia and North Korea also start to simmer after North Korea's ambassador to the country says Pyongyang will reject the results of the autopsy - he does not trust the inquiry, he says.
Malaysia also refuses to hand over the body until it receives a DNA sample from Mr Kim's next-of-kin.
18 - 19 February - North Koreans implicated
Malaysian police arrest the first North Korean person over Mr Kim's death - a 46-year-old man called Ri Jong Chol.
A day later, Malaysian police widen their search to include four more suspects, all men from North Korea.
They are named as: Ri Ji Hyon, 33; Hong Song Hac, 34; O Jong Gil, 55, and Ri Jae Nam, 57.
Handout pictures released by the Royal Malaysian Police in Kuala Lumpur on February 19, 2017 showing CCTV images and passport style photos of suspects Hong Song Hac, Ri Ji Hyon.Image copyrightAFP
Image caption
Two of the suspects wanted by Malaysian police: Hong Song Hac, 34, and Ri Ji Hyon, 33
The deputy police chief said the men had left Malaysia on 13 February, the day Mr Kim was killed, after arriving on different days within the previous fortnight.
International police agency Interpol are later requested to issue an alert for the suspects.
At the same time, South Korea explicitly states it believes its northern neighbour was behind the killing of Kim Jong-nam.
20 February - Diplomatic row
Tensions between North Korea and Malaysia threaten to turn into a full-blown diplomatic row as the latter recalls its ambassador from the North Korean capital Pyongyang and summons the North Korean ambassador "to seek an explanation".


Media captionCCTV footage appears to show the moment Kim Jong-nam is attacked
Fuji TV airs grainy CCTV footage of the attack for the first time. The lady with the white top emblazoned with the letters "LOL" is seen lunging at Kim Jong-nam.
21 February - No family ID
Malaysian authorities say they are unable to formally identify the body because no family member has come forward. Security is high at the Kuala Lumpur mortuary, amid widespread speculation Mr Kim's son, Kim Han-sol, might travel to Malaysia.
Malaysia and North Korea continue to trade harsh words as the situation escalates.
22 February - Embassy official in firing line
A senior North Korean embassy official is named as one of two men wanted in connection with the killing as the investigation widens.
Passport photos of Kim Uk II and Hyon Kwang Song, handed out by Malaysian police on 22 February 2017Image copyrightAFP
Image caption
Passport photos of Kim Uk II (left) and Hyon Kwang Song
The men are Hyon Kwang Song, 44, the second secretary of the North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur and Kim Uk II, 37, who works for North Korean airliner Air Koryo.
Malaysian police also confirm Mr Kim died after two women wiped a toxin on his face while he was waiting for his flight to Macau.
23 February: The blame game continues
North Korea appears to blame Kim Jong-nam's death on Malaysia, without actually naming him.
The state news agency KCNA said only that "a citizen of the DPRK [Democratic People's Republic of Korea]" travelling on a diplomatic passport had died due to "a heart stroke".
Reports of poisoning were false, it said, slamming Malaysia for holding an autopsy without North Korea's permission.
It is the first time North Korean state media have referred to Mr Kim's killing.
24 February - Deadly nerve agent
One of the deadliest chemical weapons created by man is confirmed by Malaysia to have been the nerve agent that killed Kim Jong-nam.
Just a small drop of VX, which is classified as a weapon of mass destruction by the United Nations, can kill a person within minutes.
One of the woman who attacked Mr Kim suffered symptoms of vomiting, which Malaysian officials say was probably due to exposure to the agent.
VX nerve agent, molecular model.Image copyright SCIENCE PHOTO LIBRARY RF / LAGUNA DESIGN
Weapons expert Bruce Bennett says a small quantity of VX was likely to have been put on cloths used by the attackers to touch his face, with a separate spray possibly used as a diversion.
Malaysian police chief Khalid Abu Bakar previously said the fact the woman who accosted Mr Kim immediately went to wash her hands showed she was "very aware" that she had been handling a toxin.
How deadly VX could have killed Kim Jong-nam
It would have begun affecting his nervous system immediately, causing first shaking and then death within minutes.
VX is not available commercially, which experts say points to some kind of government involvement. There are a number of North Korean organisations capable of directing such an attack, including the exclusive Guard Command.
Who in North Korea could organise a VX murder?

Is China retaliating against Lotte missile deal?

China is a crucial market for many South Korean companies, and the food and retail giant Lotte is no exception.
The fifth biggest firm in South Korea gets an estimated 30% of its sales from China, and employs about 20,000 people there.
But in the past week, several of its businesses have faced a backlash from hackers, customers and Chinese partners.
On Monday, Lotte said that more than 10 of its department stores across the country had been closed down suddenly. So what's going on?
Background: Missiles and a golf course
At the end of February, Lotte finally agreed to provide land it owned in South Korea - which includes part of a golf course - so the US could build its controversial Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defence system.
With the ability to shoot down ballistic missiles, the US says it is an important line of defence against North Korea's missile development programme.
But over the past few months, Beijing has been lobbying heavily against it - saying the system's powerful radars are capable of monitoring Chinese territory.
It disputes the argument that it will bring more stability to the region, saying it should not be allowed to go ahead.
What has happened?
As well as its shops and food businesses, Lotte also has hotels and cinemas in China. But since signing the deal last week Lotte, has reported various operations in China have been disrupted.
On Monday, photos and videos were circulating of protests outside Lotte stores. "South Korea's Lotte has declared war on China. Lotte supports THAAD. Get the hell out of China" said one banner.
While confirming the department store closures, Lotte has given no explanation. Other incidents include:
Lotte Duty Free, the world's biggest duty free company which makes 70% of its sales to Chinese customers, said its website had been taken offline by a cyber attack. It is now up and running again.
Cosmetics retailer Jumei Youpin said it had "completely scrubbed the name of Lotte from our website". It added: "We'd rather die than carry its goods in future".
Chinese e-commerce site JD.com - which serves as a platform for retailers to sell online - temporarily closed the Lotte shopping site. Technical issues were blamed.
Snack maker Weilong said it was pulling its products from all Lotte stores, saying it would "no longer cooperate" with the South Korean firm.
Prior to the missile deal being signed, Lotte had reported its businesses being put under extra scrutiny from tax authorities. And in February, a multi-billion dollar property project in China's north-east was halted after a fire inspection.
Anti-Lotte ProtestersImage copyrightGETTY IMAGES
Is Lotte being paranoid?
Beijing certainly has not admitted any economic retaliation and Lotte has been restructuring loss-making China businesses.
But China's state-run news agency Xinhua has described Lotte's decision to provide the land as "opening a Pandora's box in North East Asia."
Separately, it has written that "the decision could turn into a nightmare for Lotte, which depends heavily on Chinese tourists to South Korea for revenue from duty free stores".
Meanwhile Lotte itself has not said directly that any of the incidents were linked to the missile project controversy.
But South Korea's trade minister Joo Hyung-hwan, who has recently had an invitation to an annual forum withdrawn, has expressed "deep concerns over a series of actions in China".
"We will act accordingly to international law against any actions that violate policies of the World Trade Organization or the free trade agreement between South Korea and China," he said.
Chinese tourists welcomed in South KoreaImage copyrightEPA
Image caption
Numbers of Chinese tourists visiting South Korea may fall
Is it only Lotte that's affected?
There are reports of a broader backlash against South Korean products and industries from China.
China's national tourism administration has told travel agencies to stop selling group packages in South Korea, according to South Korean news agency Yonhap.
And Yonhap also reports that some Chinese streaming platforms have removed Korean material from their sites - a blow to viewers of the dramas which are increasingly popular.

Samsung Electronics chief says sorry for scandal

Samsung Electronics has apologised to shareholders for its role in a corruption case that led to South Korea's president being impeached.
"I'm sorry for the scandal," chief executive Kwon Oh-hyun said at the company's annual meeting in Seoul.
Samsung Group boss Jay Y. Lee is accused of bribing a friend of the former president in return for government support in a deal.
Mr Lee is currently in jail awaiting trial.
Samsung has said it did not pay bribes in the form of donations, but has pledged to improve its corporate governance.
The world's largest smartphone-maker also addressed the fallout from last year's failure of the Galaxy Note 7.
Samsung had to abandon production of the smartphone after a number of them caught fire.
"I apologise once again for the mistake with the Note 7 last year. It was a failure that arose from trying new technology," Mr Kwon said.
The debacle is estimated to have cost Samsung about $6bn.
Read more:
How identity politics fuelled scandal
Did a puppy bring down South Korea's president?
What does this mean for South Korea?
Reform plans
Samsung Electronics also announced at Friday's meeting that it would not be changing its corporate structure to use a holding company.
The company has been under pressure from investors to simplify its ownership structure.
"There are negative effects that would arise from transitioning to a holding company so it does not appear it will be easy to do so at present," Mr Kwon said.

South Korea impeachment: What happens now?

A South Korean court has voted to uphold an impeachment vote against President Park Geun-hye.
The ruling means Ms Park becomes the first democratically elected president to be removed from office, and could face prosecution over corruption allegations.
So what does this mean for the country?
First, what just happened?
Supreme Court in South Korea (10 March 2017)Image copyrightREUTERS
Image caption
The unanimous nature of the court ruling could help reduce public disquiet
The constitutional court backed an impeachment vote by parliament last December. It said the now ex-president's actions had "betrayed the people's confidence" and were "a grave violation of law, which cannot be tolerated".
Those actions were her alleged collusion with her close friend, Choi Soon-sil, to pressure South Korean companies into essentially buying favourable treatment from the government.
Ms Choi, who held no public office, also had extraordinary access to official documents, even editing some of Ms Park's speeches.
The friendship behind S Korea's presidential crisis
South Korea's presidential scandal explained
Who's in charge now and who next?
Ms Park has not had any presidential powers since December, when parliament voted to impeach her.
Acting S Korean president Hwang Kyo-ahnImage copyrightAFP
Image caption
Hwang Kyo-ahn has been standing in as president for three months
An election must now be held within 60 days, and the candidates have been waiting in the wings.
The new president will have to handle a public which has lost trust in the office, and come up with ways to stop such alleged abuses happening in the future.
Many South Korean analysts question whether Ms Park's conservative bloc will recover in time to post a viable threat to the Democrats.
Hwang Kyo-ahn has been acting president, but is not seen as a likely contender as he is too closely linked to the Park administration.
Moon Jae-in, the former head of the opposition Democratic Party, is one possible frontrunner. He lost to Park in the 2012 election and has been gaining popularity during throughout the impeachment scandal.
Could a president go on trial?
That is looking highly likely. Ms Park will now come under intense scrutiny from prosecutors, with no presidential immunity to protect her.
If she does go on trial, it will be over a case linked to one of her few close relationships.
Choi Soon-sil is taken into court in SeoulImage copyrightEPA
Image caption
Choi Soon-sil has continued to insist she did nothing wrong
Her friend Ms Choi is already on trial for a string of corruption offences, as is the de facto head of Samsung, one of the companies alleged to have funnelled money through Ms Choi's charitable foundations to win political favour.
Everyone involved denies doing anything wrong.
Profile: South Korean President Park Geun-hye
What does it mean for the economy?
The case has rocked South Korea's business world, with the chiefs of Samsung and the national pension fund implicated in corruption.
Samsung acting chief Lee Jae-YongImage copyrightAFP
The scale of alleged bribery is colossal. Samsung alone is accused of paying bribes of 41bn won ($36m; £29m) to non-profit foundations operated by Ms Choi.
Heads of other big family-run conglomerates - known locally as chaebol - have also been questioned but not charged over donations given to similar foundations.
And some of the specifics, including Samsung admitting it spent about $1m on a horse for Ms Choi's daughter, have shocked Koreans.
But these are huge global companies. There is nothing so far to suggest that customers are turning away from them in South Korea, let alone around the world. Just this week, Samsung was confirmed as having comfortably held its title as world's biggest seller of smartphones in 2016.
Not bad in a year where its highest profile launch had to be recalled after batteries caught fire.
Realistically, a far bigger economic threat now are measures Beijing has taken in response to Seoul's decision to allow a US anti-missile system to be installed. They include closing down South Korean businesses in China and discouraging Chinese tourists form visiting South Korea.
Samsung scandal: Who is Lee Jae-yong?
What about other international relations?
North Korean media handout of missile launch (7 March 2017Image copyrightREUTERS
Image caption
North Korea's repeated missile launches continue to rattle the region
Despite this shock, South Korea remains a stable democracy and economic powerhouse, so its relationships are unlikely to change. In many ways, the peaceful nature of the impeachment protests and the strength of rule of law play in the country's favour.
The US has just begun rolling out a massive missile defence system in South Korea to protect against North Korean attacks and that won't be affected, but the incoming president will have to quickly make friends with the Trump administration to shore up the much-needed military support given by the US.
A US spokesman told Reuters this was "a domestic issue" and the US remained "a steadfast ally, friend, and partner" to South Korea.
Japan - which withdrew its envoy from South Korea recently in a row about wartime sex slavery - said it "needs to promote co-operation" with the new government "in various areas".
North Korea's state media, which normally delays reporting international news, immediately reacted, calling Ms Park "a common criminal".
North Korea has always been scathing of Ms Park - often using her gender to attack her. That rhetoric won't end, but a new leader could potentially help reinvigorate international discussions on how to handle the South's increasingly tempestuous northern neighbour.


Park Geun-hye and the friendship behind S Korea's presidential crisis

The press in South Korea is full of feverish allegations of cult rituals and the mysterious influence of an old friend of President Park Geun-hye. The BBC's Stephen Evans in Seoul looks at the personalities behind the scandal, and whether it could end up toppling a president.
Only the two women involved in this unprecedented political storm know the true dynamic of their relationship. And President Park and her confidante Choi Soon-sil are not telling.
Choi is suspected of exploiting her links with Ms Park for her own financial gain and has now returned to the country to face her accusers.
In the absence of information, the rumour mill is whirling. Newspapers and television channels have been feeding the frenzy of speculation, throwing out ever more fanciful conjecture about a mysterious relationship that goes back four decades.
Is the mentor really a malign influence reminiscent of Rasputin - Ms Choi's father was certainly labelled the Korean Rasputin by some - or is she just an old friend?
A lonely job
Both Ms Choi and Ms Park are intriguing characters.
Protesters wearing masks of Choi Soon-sil (left) and President Park Geun-hye (centre), alongside someone dressed as a donkey, at a protest denouncing President Park on 27 October 2016 in Seoul.Image copyrightREUTERS
Image caption
With no immediate family, President Park came to rely too much on her friend, critics claim
The current president is the daughter of Park Chung-hee, a military strongman who took power in a coup but who then decided that his brutal dictatorship should become a modern, industrialised democracy. Warts and all, he is the father of modern South Korea.
He was assassinated by his own head of intelligence in 1979. The motive remains unclear but one theory is that the director of the Korean CIA, who fired the fatal shot, felt he had fallen under the influence of Choi Tae-min, a pseudo-pastor.
Choi was also the father of Choi Soon-sil, the woman at the centre of the current controversy.
Five years before the president's assassination, the current president's mother had also been killed, shot dead in central Seoul by a sympathiser of North Korea.
The daughter immediately returned from her studies in Europe and became, in effect, first lady, accompanying her father on his official duties.
With both parents the victims of political violence, the daughter then went into politics on her own account, where she too was physically attacked. She had her face slashed so badly at one political meeting that it needed 60 stitches. The long, thin scar is still visible, running from her right ear to her lower jaw.
Park Geun-Hye speaks to supporters in Seoul on 29 May 2006, as she is discharged from hospital nine days after she was slashed in the face by an attacker. The image shows an 11cm scar on the right side of her face.Image copyrightAFP
Image caption
Ms Park, shown after leaving hospital in 2006, needed 60 stitches after being attacked
On top of this extraordinary background, Ms Park, who is not married, has no close family to lean on in what, in any case, would be a tough and lonely job in the presidential palace, known as the Blue House.
Is this why she leans so much on Choi Soon-sil?
The mysterious mentor
Ms Choi's father, Choi Tae-min, was a colourful character, married many times - six, according to South Korean media - and a frequent changer of his own name.
He was a Buddhist who converted to Christianity and then set up what he called the "Church of Eternal Life". In this guise he became a friend of the Park family, both of the senior President Park and of his daughter, now president, as she was growing up. Mr Choi's daughter became a friend of the young Park Geun-hye.
The two young women remained friends and that is the relationship now under scrutiny.
According to the New York Times, the founder of the religious sect won his way into favour with the now-President Park by saying her assassinated mother had appeared in his dreams, begging him to help the orphaned daughter.
A protester (right) wears a cut-out photograph of Choi Soon-sil while another demonstrator holds a banner reading Image copyrightEPA
Image caption
The scandal touches on a decades-old controversy
But this is not the first time this unusual relationship has spilled into public view.
An American diplomatic cable from 2007, leaked by Wikileaks, said: "Park has also been forced to explain her own past, including her relationship some 35 years ago with a pastor, Choi Tae-min, whom her opponents characterize as a 'Korean Rasputin', and how he controlled Park during her time in the Blue House when she was first lady after her mother's assassination".
It is this allegation of a mystical influence on the current president which is doing the political damage.
Prosecutors are investigating whether funds set up by Choi Soon-sil are within the law - the unproven allegation is that the funds sought money from companies by putting pressure on them to pay because of her presidential connections.
That may or may not be true, but corruption has rarely destroyed political lives in South Korea in the past.
Thousands of South Koreans at a rally against President Park on 29 October 2016 in Seoul, South Korea.Image copyrightGETTY IMAGES
Image caption
Seoul has seen a number of recent demonstrations against President Park
What may be politically fatal this time is the suggestion that sensitive documents were passed by the president to the mentor for approval.
A South Korean cable TV station says it got hold of computer hard drives from a vacated office previously used by Ms Choi and they showed that President Park submitted speeches to her friend for alteration and approval.
President Park has already apologised, though for what isn't quite clear. Her head bowed, she said: "Regardless of what the reason may be, I am sorry that the scandal has caused national concern and I humbly apologise to the people."
"Choi advised me on expressions in my speeches and public relations during the last presidential campaign and she continued to help me for a certain period of time after I took office," she admitted.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye. Photo: 27 October 2016Image copyrightEPA
Image caption
President Park has publicly apologised over the scandal
The advice was only before she had a formal system of advisors in place after moving into the Blue House, she insisted.
But the apology hasn't satisfied President Park's opponents or even some in her own party and it is very likely that the anger has not yet subsided.

S Korean scandal: President Park's friend Choi returns to Seoul

The woman suspected of exploiting her links with South Korean President Park Geun-hye for financial gain has returned to the country to face the accusations.
Choi Soon-sil, a long-time friend of Ms Park, is accused of influence peddling and interfering in state affairs.
Ms Choi is alleged to have been involved in government business, despite having no security clearance.
It comes amid protests in Seoul demanding the president's resignation.
Police said about 8,000 protesters took to the streets on Saturday after Ms Park said she had ordered 10 of her senior advisers to quit and admitted she had allowed Ms Choi to edit political speeches.
Event organisers said some 20,000 people turned out in central Seoul.
Protesters wearing masks of South Korean President Park Geun-hye (bottom) and her confidante Choi Soon-sil (top) in central Seou, 29 October 2016Image copyrightGETTY IMAGES
Image caption
Protesters wear masks depicting South Korean President Park Geun-hye (bottom) under the control of Choi Soon-sil
On Saturday, prosecutors raided the homes of several presidential aides, seizing computers and files belonging to the officials who are suspected of being Ms Choi's accomplices.
Ms Choi is the daughter of shadowy religious cult leader Choi Tae-min, who was Ms Park's mentor until his death in 1994.
Ms Choi has denied benefiting financially from her government links.
'Step down, Park Geun-hye'
Protesters in Seoul hold banners that read: Image copyrightAFP/GETTY IMAGES
Image caption
Organisers say some 20,000 protesters took to the streets of Seoul
Protesters on the streets of Seoul held posters reading "Step down, Park Geun-hye".
She has been accused by opposition politician Jae-myung Lee of having "lost her authority as president".
"She doesn't have the basic qualities to govern a country," he was quoted as saying by the Associated Press news agency.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye. Photo: 27 October 2016Image copyrightEPA
Image caption
President Park has publicly apologised over the scandal
A protester (right) wears a cut-out photograph of Choi Soon-sil, while another demonstrator holds a banner reading: Image copyrightEPA
Image caption
A protester (right) wears a cut-out photograph of Choi Soon-sil
Ms Park's televised apology over the scandal last week failed to defuse the situation, only sparking widespread accusations of mismanagement.
The scandal has resulted in calls for her resignation from opposition parties and badly eroded her popularity before next year's elections.
Ms Park, 64, became the first woman to lead South Korea after winning presidential elections in 2012.

South Korea protests: Seoul rally against Park Geun-hye

Tens of thousands of protesters in South Korea have held a mass rally against a raft of government policies that they say weaken democracy.
The protest was big, rowdy and attended by a wide cross section of people but there was no repeat of violence which marred a similar rally last month.
About 18,000 police were deployed in the capital, Seoul.
Protesters oppose plans including changes to labour laws and greater controls over history textbooks.
Left-wing critics say this will lead to a whitewashing of past South Korean dictatorships.
South Korean protesters attend an anti-government rally in downtown Seoul (05 December 2015)Image copyrightAP
Image caption
Saturday's rally was mostly peaceful, in contrast to a similar demonstration last month
South Korean protesters attend an anti-government rally in downtown Seoul (05 December 2015)Image copyrightAP
About 14,000 people are estimated by police to have attended the rally, far fewer than the 60,000 that attended the 14 November demonstration.
Read more: Why South Korea is rewriting its history books
Saturday's protest went ahead after a court turned down the government's move for an injunction made in the aftermath of violence at the previous demonstration.
The demonstrators were unhappy over moves by President Park Geun-hye's conservative government to dismiss workers based on performance and to place a ceiling on the salaries of senior employees to encourage employers to recruit younger people and reduce youth unemployment.
An arrest warrant has been issued against the head of the militant Korean Confederation of Trade Unions (KCTU), who has taken sanctuary in a Buddhist temple in Seoul, over the 14 November rally.
South Korean protester at an anti-government rally in downtown Seoul (05 December 2015)Image copyrightAP
Image caption
President Park has called for people to be banned from covering their faces at rallies
South Korean protesters attend an anti-government rally in downtown Seoul (05 December 2015)Image copyrightAP
Image caption
The march was organised by labour, farmer and civic groups in protest over what they say is a deterioration in personal and political freedom
On Saturday Han Sang-gyun repeated a call for a general strike against "labour conditions that only fattens capitalists".
President Park is the country's first female president and was elected two years ago.

Why South Korea is rewriting its history books

School books aren't often the subject of street protest, but in South Korea a row over a government plan to write a single history textbook brought protesters to the streets of Seoul last month, with police using water cannons to disperse them.
History here is not a dry subject confined to academia but a topic that exercises the passions of South Koreans.
Currently, a range of books by different academics are on offer in the country's schools, but the centre-right government thinks they are biased to the left and wants to replace them with a version it approves.
"The current textbooks have some mistakes so we want to revise them and correct the mistakes," the official in charge of the project, Park Sung-Min, told the BBC. "The authors don't want to change their point of view, so the government will make an accurate textbook".
One minister said that school books should teach "the proud history of South Korea, which has achieved both democratisation and industrialisation in the shortest time in world history".
Another conservative minister alleged the current versions of history were too uncritical of North Korea: "One textbook, for example, used the term 'dictatorial' only twice when writing about North Korea, but as many as 28 times about South Korea."
A North Korean soldier stands next to the demarcation line in Panmunjom, on the border between North Korea and South Korea Tuesday 7 August 2007Image copyrightAP
Image caption
The Korean War ended with an armistice and the South is still technically at war with the North
The government's plan has caused outrage both inside the country and around the world.
Prof Chung-in Moon of Yonsei University in Seoul told the BBC: "Why should we have one version of a text-book? We need multiple views so students can choose. History can be subject to multiple interpretations."
There are wider questions about what the study of history is for, according to Owen Miller, a Korean studies scholar at the School of Oriental and African Studies in London University.
"Is history simply a tool for establishing loyalty to the nation or is it about producing critical citizens who can draw lessons?" he said.

Media captionSteve Evans reports on the ongoing debate in South Korea, after government plans to rewrite history in a text book
Presidential controversy
The government's plan is so contentious because the current president, Park Geun-hye, is the daughter of a previous president, Park Chung-hee.
The elder President Park, who was assassinated in 1979, is a controversial figure.
Picture of inside Park Chung-hee's shrine
Image caption
Park Chung-hee, the former president, is a controversial figure in South Korea but credited with modernising the economy
As a military officer, he led a coup which took power in 1961. Extreme brutality was used by the security agencies under his presidency.
But he is also widely credited with driving through South Korea's super-fast industrialisation. He ordered the country's rich to invest their money in industries which he dictated they should build from scratch.
President Park is, accordingly, celebrated as the founder of South Korean prosperity. At his birthplace, for example, there is a shrine with a huge statue (reminiscent, incidentally, of the style of statue used to idolise leaders in North Korea).
Picture of Park Chung-hee's statue
Image caption
The statue is located in the late president's birthplace in North Gyeongsang
But the plaques alongside it make no mention of President Park's dark side.
His record in the war when he served the Japanese is absent - and collaboration with the Japanese colonialists remains a hot issue in Korea. No pictures of him in a military uniform are apparent.
Critics of the government today fear that the new history textbook will have a similar, sanitised view of the past. And they assert that the plan is dear to the current president who wants to whitewash her father's legacy, scrubbing away the dark spots.
Opposing views
There are other areas of contention where the left and right are divided over how to read history.
The causes of the Korean War, for example, are disputed. For the right, it was started unambiguously by North Korea in an unprovoked aggression.
For some on the left, it was more complicated, with an incipient civil war over issues like land ownership already underway before the North invaded in 1950.
Unlocated picture taken 18 January 1951, shows Korean refugees fleeing to the south, as they are passing by frozen rice fields.Image copyrightAFP/GETTY IMAGES
Image caption
The origins of the Korean War, which displaced many civilians, is a subject of contention among those who disagree on history
On this leftist view, there is some sympathy for North Korea, which is seen in parts of the left as a victim of the same civil war rather than as the outright aggressor.
South Korea is not alone in having a battle over history in the classroom.
Japan is having a very similar row, with conservatives wanting the wartime brutalities of Japanese soldiers downplayed and the status of disputed territories asserted in the classroom as being of undisputed Japanese sovereignty.
Japanese lawmakers visit to the controversial Yasukuni shrine on 20 October 2015Image copyrightAFP/GETTY IMAGES
Image caption
The controversial Yasukuni shrine in Japan commemorates the country's war dead
History in this part of the world is alive and contentious.
As it is in Texas where the state's board of education approves books for use in classrooms. There are hearings which are often emotive, with right and left disagreeing profoundly on the interpretation of events like slavery.
This year, a 15-year-old student noticed that slaves were referred to in one textbook as workers. He took a picture of the page, put it on the internet and the image went viral.
There is now a debate in the state about whether professional historians should get more say in the selection of approved textbooks.
In his novel 1984, George Orwell cited a fictitious totalitarian government slogan: "Who controls the past controls the future."
South Korea, Japan and Texas where the current rows over textbooks are taking place are not totalitarian states. In truly despotic places governments control history teaching completely.
But in all three places, opponents of government fear an erosion of democracy.
History matters. It's about politics and it provokes all the passions of politics. They know that in Seoul, Tokyo and Austin.

South Korea country profile

South Korea has developed into one of Asia's most affluent countries since partition in 1948. The Communist North has slipped into totalitarianism and poverty.
The republic was proclaimed in 1948 and received UN-backed support from the US after it was invaded by the North two years later.
The Korean War ended in 1953 without a peace agreement, leaving South Korea technically at war for more than fifty years.
The following four decades were marked by authoritarian rule, during which government-sponsored schemes encouraged the growth of family-owned industrial conglomerates, including the Hyundai and Samsung groups.
They helped transform South Korea into one of the world's major economies and a leading exporter of cars and electronic goods.
The US has tens of thousands of soldiers in the country.
Read more country profiles - Profiles by BBC Monitoring
FACTS
The Republic of Korea
Capital: Seoul
Population 48.6 million
Area 99,313 sq km (38,345 sq miles)
Major language Korean
Major religion Buddhism, Christianity
Life expectancy 77 years (men), 84 years (women)
Currency Won
UN, World Bank
Getty Images
LEADER
Outgoing president: Park Geun-hye
South Korean President Park Geun-hyeImage copyrightGETTY IMAGES
South Korea first female president, Park Geun-hye, was impeached in an influence-peddling scandal in December 2016. The constitutional court upheld the impeachment in March 2017.
Elections for a new president must now be held by early May.
Her father President Park Chung-hee, ruled the country for 18 years after seizing power in a coup.
Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn has been appointed as acting president.
Acting president: Hwang Kyo-ahn
Acting President Hwang Kyo-ahnImage copyrightAFP
Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn was appointed interim president in December 2016 after parliament voted to impeach President Park Geun-hye.
On assuming the post of acting president, Mr Hwang apologised and said he felt a "deep responsibility" over the political scandal that brought down Ms Park.
He urged ruling and opposition parties to cooperate in order to bring back political stability.
A Park loyalist, he served as justice minister in her administration before becoming prime minister in June 2015.
He is expected to focus on maintaining a stable national security posture, particularly amid prolonged tension with North Korea.
MEDIA
Woman walking in Seoul streetImage copyrightEPA
South Korea is at the leading edge of the digital revolution. It is a trailblazer for high-speed and wireless internet.
Around 45 million South Koreans - out of a population of almost 49 million - were online by 2014 (InternetWorldStats).
South Korean TV soaps are popular across the region, including in China. They are part of the "Korean Wave" - the export of South Korean popular culture across Asia.
Read full media profile
TIMELINE
Some key dates in South Korea's history:
US soldiers carry out a search during the Korean WarImage copyrightGETTY IMAGES
Image caption
The Korean War between 1950 and 1953 killed at least 2.5 million people
1945 - After Second World War, Japanese occupation ends with Soviet troops occupying area north of the 38th parallel, and US troops in the south.
1948 - Republic of Korea proclaimed.
1950 - South declares independence, sparking North Korean invasion.
1953 - Armistice ends Korean War, which has cost two million lives.
1950s - South sustained by crucial US military, economic and political support.
1960s - Major programme of industrial development.
1988 - First free parliamentary elections.
2002 - Battle between South Korean and North Korean naval vessels along their disputed sea border is only one flare-up in the ongoing tension between the two states.
Read full timeline
